# post exams

*Date:* 2025-10-28

*Time:* 18:58

---

Haven't had an update in awhile mostly due to the end of uni semester rush. 

Finished my MEAN stack application. Main takeaways were socket implementation and media streaming. Understand how it works but would need to rebuild it more slowly to really feel comfortable with it though experience is experience. The testing component of the assignment felt rushed. I feel it's important to understand how to write good tests for TDD and overall planning but every time it is taught it feels like an afterthought so I don't think I grasp it as well as I'd like. I could piece it together but the process has always felt so backwards to how it's actually supposed to be used in industry it hasn't been very beneficial. I did give the course organiser my feedback but it is what it is at this point.

The Java tetris project finished up and came together well. Few bugs in the program but overall the game runs well and everyone did their part. I honestly would have preferred to do more but given other group members had some ligher uni workloads it made sense how some of the roles were distributed. Java overall seemed like an interesting language that requires a bit of practice. As I studied more for the exam to cover areas I didn't really get to implement in the project I learned a lot. I wouldn't mind revisitng it or working in it but I've never been overly fussed about the language I'm using - as long as it is translatable. Either way I'm happy with how that course turned out.

Should pass everything and this should be my last real semester as all I have left is my capstone project/work experience so I'm almost done. 

Anyway now I have more time I need to focus that and build a productive list of things to do to better structure professional development. The first step really is to figure out what is needed/lacking for my work placement so I'll have to see to that first. Ideally I just want to feel competent in design patterns and coding problems so some leetcode grind or something I feel is necessary. Think I need to brush up on stronger foundational theory or any interview related questions/assignments I'm likely to encounter. I should research that to figure out what I need to do. I should also probably just jump in the deep end. Pick any language im interested in becoming more comfortable with and just build ANYTHING. At this point im thinking python or java so hopefully ideas will crystalise in that department as we move to more entries.

Software dev aside I'm still interested in picking up Russian. I feel language study is good for mental acuity, memory discipline etc. I could continue with my Japanese since I enjoy that language in general, but my overall motivation is probably higher for Russian at this point which is pretty important for consistency. Don't know what approach or structure I'll take but hoping to start an hour a day very soon and just work at it. Hoping having this written down will keep me accountable.

Fitness wise I'm becoming semi more consistent with gymming again. I managed to maintain a baseline level of strength despite how rough things got for me in the past few months so I'm proud of myself for that - it won't be has hard to get back to where I usually am. With that said, showing up to the gym has never really been an issue it's just other things have made it harder to really want to be there which I'm still working through. Starting doing more cardio and have been steadily improving there. Feels pretty good to make progress again so I'd like to keep that going.

That's all for now, hopefully will update more consistently now I have more time.
