# Start

*Date:* 2025-09-24

*Time:* 00:38

---

Today is my first entry. It's late so it'll be short and sweet.

I took a step towards trying to structure my days for more productivity. It wasn't perfect but it was a start considering that life has been a bit 'rough' lately (to keep things appropriate). My friend is serving as an accountability buddy to ensure time spent at home is more productive towards whatever goals or obligations I have. This simply involves trying to wake up earlier, work, break, work, break etc. for a meaningful amount of time while keeping conversation topics relatively productive. This journal was in fact his idea. So what did I get done today?

- I made some good personal reflections on recent unpleasant events that helped me process it a bit better and keep productive
- I reviewed my understanding of databases slightly as I installed and began learning to use MongoDB for my university assignment (should have done more)
- Built my Journal entry repo and actually decided to make a script to make it a bit easier and practice some basic python I don't use enough
- Split the workload of one of my uni group assignments

That's all I guess? not too productive but it was better than wasting time and it's good to get the ball rolling for consistency again. I skipped gymming because, well, it's been rough. I need to try and get back into it to move on from things. I also want to start learning Russian so I should try and chip away at that and hopefully make some entries where that's a consistency. In terms of programming I'll focus on getting some progress made on my MongoDB/sockets/video implementation assignment. Once I've done that I'll switch back to implementing the sound features of my java tetris game and move onto animating line clears.
